The party made their way to the [[Dwarven Hold]] before all the energy is dissipated to imbue something each. The hold of a blue adult dragon was in the mountains. Once we entered we found a darkened foggy room where we encountered the blue adult dragon. We slayed him and [[Terilin]] received the hearts and soul. After killing the dragon we took a long rest and got captured  by [[The Empire]]. We escapes, found our gear and killed like 40 guards. In the [[Dwarven Hold]] we freed the youngest dwarf and the rest of the party. Oldest dwarf and arch mage [[Leylin]] are still missing. We entered the hold, killed 2 soldiers and took their clothing for disguises. We chopped them into pieces and discarded them into the toilet.

We persuaded the guards at the gate and found out that the superior was on the 2nd story of a hexagonal shaped dome. The dome is a temple. Underneath it is a prison that can hold 1 person. The dwarf families are hold captive underneath the hold. In total there a re 87 patrols, 4 mages and 300 soldiers in the outer hold. [[Antropos]] expects a report within 16 hours. We went to the [[Temple of Moradin]] and found [[Antropos]] in the middle of the room doing an incantation with the 5 gems floating above his head. We interrupted his incantation and fought him. During the fight we freed [[Leylin]] from that room and fled to the outer wall. [[Leylin]] teleported us after we escaped to [[Hydron]], the city of the dwarfs. 

[[Highlord Marshall]] was making his way to [[Hydron]]. Here we went to [[Baron Bardok]], he has pledged his loyalty to [[Terilin]] but the elders might not. We found out that on top of the mountain there is a plateau where the dwarf god is praised and there is a spiral staircase into the mountain that leads to [[Dwarven Hold]]. 

The party took off towards the mountain from [[Hydron]] to attack the hold with an army of dwarfs. The plan is to polymorph ourselves up the mountain and make preparations with [[Leylin]]. Meanwhile [[Geist]] enters the hold and starts the dwarven revolution. On the plateau a glyph of warding was placed, everyone drank a potion of heroism and [[Kurgan]] drank a potion of growth. We defeated [[Antropos]].

The party entered the stronghold and freed the dwarfs. Peace is back in the hold and the army is gone. We imbued our items.

Then the party went to [[Baron Bardok]] and he was pleased and is willing to help us.

[[Geist]] used an old teleport circle in the stronghold to investigate the other side of the teleport. We ended up in the catacombs of [[Gamblion]]. In these catacombs we found a court wizard names [[Maverick]] doing some kind of research. He was guarded by it seemed like undeath guards. 