## Eldercoast

Plan is to reinstall [[Lady Amara Starfall]] and [[Lady Seraphina Silverthorn]] in the council and find 3 new people.

First one to invite is the [[Brin]], the former captain of guards of [[Eldercoast]]. We managed to confince him to take the position for a generous amount of money.

Second was someone within Frostwind family who might be able to repay their betrayal to [[Eldercoast]]. And have that person sign/do a master/slave ritual with [[Atrocious]]. He/She will be given a new name but still wealthy. This person ended up being not as proficient with frost magic but was a clerk and intelligent. Did some administrative job for the family. [[Isolde Frostwind]] is her name. She is dependable as long as we have her loyalty. She understands the nessacity of the master/slave contract and accepts it. She does not want anything to do with the Frostwind family but does not want them to be harmed. She accepts it as a chance of a live time. [[Narak]] casts zone of truth to talk with her. She no longer wants be associate with the Frostwind family. The master/slave contract is being made during during the zone of truth. She was handed 15k gold to get [[Atrocious]] an amulet of health and deal with the debt [[Lord Thalion Brightblade]] was in. That were her 2 first orders. The 3 order is to use the people that were in debt with [[Lord Thalion Brightblade]] for the good of [[Eldercoast]] and 4th order for now is to give [[Atrocious]] regular updates of [[Eldercoast]] and the underworld. And she must never mention [[Atrocious]] name but refer to him as `The one with many faces.`.

Third and final person for the council is someone for the people of [[Eldercoast]]. Some requirements are in place to keep the revolutionary people out of it.

[[Narak]] made a request by the [[Highlord Marshal]] that [[Lemuru]] is made an ambassador so she can be more independent. And made sure that the party are not some puppets but a standalone party who will be part of the united baronies.

[[Narak]] want to contact [[Cedric]] (the white powder guy), and offer him a laboritory to research guns. He will take over the mansion of [[Lady Elowen Frostwind]].

The [[Lord Thalion Brightblade]]'s mansion has been put upside down and fully plundered even alle the secret hallways.

The [[Lady Elowen Frostwind]]'s mansion is more difficult to get in. Does not seem that there was anyone able to get in at all in the meantime.

The alchemist will report to [[Atrocious]] about the potent poision.

## Gilead

[[Terilin]] and [[Caehanna]] researched the ancient portals, some seem to work and other do not.

[[Narak]] and [[Atrocious]] traveled back to [[Gilead]] and [[Gilead]] seems to have expanded with security and be broaden. They were directly taken by [[Leylin]] through secret passages to the jade altar where we fought the demon in [[Terilin]]'s mind. The entire party is in the room (excep [[Kurgan]]) together with the [[Highlord Marshal]]. [[Leylin]] was requested to close the door and stay outside the room. [[Highlord Marshal]] is explaining the current situation. 2 months ago we fought with [[Aldric Sunblade]] against the necromancer and some secrets were kept a secret. He tells us that the necromancer and [[Aldric Sunblade]] are no longer mortal and have surpassed the limits of mortal beings. That have transended their limits. Because of what happend at [[Eldercoast]] the war has expanded and more mortals have been involved. There is a hidden world, there might be many immortals on this continent but cannot use their full power. They are bound to restriction but when they do use their full power there are consequences. [[Highlord Marshal]] is one of the transended but he is still mortal. He has a lifespan of a human. Normal beings can became transended some by gods and some by other options. The [[Highlord Marshal]]'s family is bound to fate/destiny. He has inherited transendancy by his family. [[The Empire]] has 7 dukes and we know that several of them are transended as well. [[Antropos]] was a student of one of the dukes. He wanted to perform a ritual to become an immortal. The necromancer is one of the dukes of [[The Empire]]. He is many hundreds of years of old. He seems to be a lich. He was gone for the last 2 centuries and somehow he is back. Because [[Cabourn]] have taken sides the other immortals have had to take a side as well. There are some in negotiation to have an alliance with the golden city to have more immortals on our side. [[Leylin]] is not an immortal but his father is.

Some of us need to be made immortal to fight against [[The Empire]]. The first step is to go to the golden city. [[Leylin]] teleported us just outside the city itself in the field of crops. Upon following [[Leylin]] magically a gate appeared the entrance of the golden city. Going through the city we walked to the zigoroth and upon arrival we met with [[Leylin]]'s father ([[Leylin's father]]). We were brought up into the zigoroth and we sat on a table with food and drinks. [[Leylin's father]] asked for [[GoldenDragonMan]]. He is suppose to heal [[Terilin]] of her problems. We were brought a room with a ritual circle on the group. A couple items were laid down on the intersection of the ritual and the party spread around it. [[Terilin]] laid in the middle and we were told she has a heart and an eldunary in her and het eldunary is shattered. The ritual restored the eldunary. During the rest of the evening we bought some stuff in the city. The next morning we have to set out of the golden city to help out [[Leylin's father]] and kill the creature that is not from this plane. And it is trying to become a god. We need to stop him because he is getting powers and reputation to fast. The place we are heading towards is [[Ashenhold]].