We travel towards [[Ashenhold]] and on our way though the mountains we see green torches. It takes the entire day and in the evening to get through the mountains. We walked through a forest and set up camp. During the watch we saw nothing (rolled 1, 1 and 2). We continued walking the next day and see a city in the distance.

We walked towards the city and we see just the casual traffic going in and out. [[Atrocious]] says he is going to KAKKA KAKKA! When he sees the person/being that is trying to become a god. The party went looking for churches that could be from that new 'god'. During the search [[Atrocious]] left and went looking on its own. The rest of the party found an old church fo the morning lord that could have the makeshift god inside. They entered and [[Narak]] casted detect magic. He notices divine and illusion magic. At the end of the church there is an altar and a being. [[Terilin]] casts dispell magic on [[The fake god]] at the altar. He radiates bright light and that slowly turns to red and then to black. His appearance turns from humanoid whiteropes to an angelic appearance with wings that slowly turns into just the framework of wings left. Chains come out of his body into the air and slowly fade away. [[Lemuru]] uses detect thought and inner thoughts. His thoughts are 'These low life humans, GET THEM!'. 100 humans in the church pray for him and started to panic. The 100 people turn around and start running to the party. [[Caehanna]] casts circle of death and massacres around half of the people in the church. Followed by [[Terilin]] casting disintegrate on [[The fake god]]. [[Atrocious]] jumped through the lead stained glass as a surprise attack with a crit, stabbed him in the back twice and hid. Followed by [[Lemuru]] shooting a lightning arrow and killed [[The fake god]]. The remaining 20 humans ran towards [[Narak]] while he summons a celestial being at the altar and orders the humans to stop. The celestial being did not manage to stop the humans. The humans ran towards [[Narak]] and missed. Some hit [[Caehanna]] and [[Lemuru]]. The entire party went invisible and left [[Ashenhold]]. We met up with [[Leylin]] who left as soon as the battle began. [[Leylin]] was not happy since we massacred multiple innocent people.

[[Atrocious]] and [[Terilin]] stealthed back in the city and church so [[Atrocious]] can investigate. On investigation he found out that the body of [[The fake god]] was an illusion which also caused that his invisibility was gone. He got noticed and escaped the city.

-- Did not happen
There is a [[Atrocious]] plan to find the black hand within [[Ashenhold]] and see if there is a big organisation that has a big debt for the black hand. And if that they want that organisation to have the blame for the attack on the church. If yes then [[Atrocious]] will say that `the one with many faces` will execute the plan.
-- Did not happen

It was late in the evening when [[Atrocious]] came back to the party, he elaborated the situation and the party were going to take a long night rest. During the 3rd watch of [[Caehanna]] the owl that [[Lemuru]] talk with came back and notified the party that danger was nearby. This danger seemed to be a big search party of [[Ashenhold]] looking for us. We managed to become invisible and hide from the search party. We had a short rest. 

The plan is that [[Terilin]], [[Narak]] and [[Caehanna]] are going to stay nearby [[Ashenhold]] with [[Leylin]]. [[Lemuru]] and [[Atrocious]] are planning to go back into [[Ashenhold]] to gather information on the god. 

[[Lemuru]] and [[Atrocious]] went back inside through the sewers. Within the city they went towards the market area. [[Atrocious]] went into a shady shop mentioned [[The Black Hand]] and him being part of the chaos/temple massacre. Which helps the underground business within [[Ashenhold]]. The shopkeeper did not want to help out on the false god situation. [[Lemuru]] went to an armourshop and talked about the false god. When asked for detailed information then the shopkeepers mind goes blank and continues the conversation. After this they both went towards the church where the massacre happened. [[Atrocious]] pretended to light a candle and pray for this god (He is asked if he actually prays for this god or not) and talk with some other players that pray. Everytime again when detailed information is asked they all go blank. When leaving the place we noticed that we were followed by 2 shady looking hooded people. They were lured them in and on confrontation we got ambushed by more shady people on the rooftops with bows and arrows. We found out that they were part of [[The Black Hand]] of this district. They have been tasked to look into [[The fake god]] as well and after weeks have not found anything. They do not appreciate [[Atrocious]] here as a free agent and the orders of the one with many faces have no authority here. After this conversation [[Lemuru]] and [[Atrocious]] left the city back towards the rest of the party. 

The party went back towards [[the Golden City]]. During the travel [[Leylin]] was asked to check if we are under the spell of [[The fake god]]. His spell he used was to see if were are under influence and he found traces of illusion magic on us. It is complicated magic and it seems if we were longer near the source we got influenced by it and it would have effect on us. By overcharging his spell he cleanses us from it. 

Upon arrival at [[the Golden City]] we were guided towards [[Luevin]] and [[Cassian]]. We had to explain the situation towards them. We were suggested to go back to [[Gilead]] and we left the city in the field of crops and got teleported by [[Leylin]] again. We discussed who wanted to be immortal and [[Narak]], [[Lemuru]] and [[Atrocious]] want to. After that we went towards [[Highlord Marshal]]. 

To become a [[Immortals]]
- Worship a being
- Surpassing your limit
- Making a deal with an extra-planar