We met again with [[Maverick]] and said he doesn't like working for [[The Empire]] but doesn't want to die. So instead he helps them with research.

In the catacombs we found a mirror where [[Geist]] went through and we seemed to be a one-way portal. He got into a fight with a couple drow. To save him we needed to go through the catacombs and find him. He found 5 rooms in a corridor where in the 3rd room we found murals from historical events and an altar of [[Sindor]]. At the altar we found a drow praying. His name is [[Flonwelf]] of house [[Aufwyndor]]. We found out he is a spy of the house of [[Freth]]. He told us of a secret door to a hallway next to him with drows at a door. [[Rigs]] and [[Terilin]] both casted fireball to kill all drows. Behind the door was [[Geist]]. We went back to [[Flonwelf]] and helped him rescued his buddy that was being a captive in the catacombs.

After we saved [[Geist]] we reunited with [[Narak]] and continued the catacombs. We found a wall with magical darkness with 10 drow with crossbows and 1 female drow and a monk. After the start of combat we encountered an additional enemy, the should golem. We killed them all and [[Rigs]] received the master's amulet to control the golem.

After combat we found an illusionary wall with a giant door behind it. We entered the room and closed the door. The door could only be opened by the family of the bloodline of [[Gamblion]]. Inside the room there was a giant red eldunary and a spear on an altar. We picked up the spear and gave it to [[Narak]]. [[Geist]] started to telepathically talk with the dragon in the eldunary. His name was [[Glauron]], son of [[Ashardalon]]. [[Terilin]] casted detect thoughts on the dragon and overheard the conversation. She interpeted it as if [[Geist]] was making a deal with the dragon for power. So [[Terilin]] casted dominate person on [[Geist]] and forced him to break the telepathic link. [[Rigs]] noticed that there was something off with [[Geist]] and used his golem to grapple [[Terilin]]. He prepared an eldritch blast and questioned [[Geist]] and [[Terilin]].  Once he noticed that it was not [[Geist]] speaking but [[Terilin]], he shot the eldritch blast at [[Terilin]] to break the concentration. [[Geist]] was back himself and a separation was created within the party. The conversation started to escalate but did not reach the point of a fight. Since only [[Terilin]] could open the door meant that the party was stuck. [[Terilin]] opened the door and [[Geist]] and [[Rigs]] left the party. Their freedom was robbed, even only if it was for a minute.

[[Terilin]] and [[Narak]] also left the vault. They encountered [[Nareau]] but did not want to interact with him. While invisible they passed him towards the portal. They entered the room where [[Maverick]] was doing experiments and he got scared of the shield golem [[Narak]] now has. He bumped into a table with a giant vessel on it that fell over on the ground and broke. Inside there was some ooze that took shape into a humanoid form. It was a plasmoid named [[Atrocious]]. [[Nareau]] and [[Atrocious]] introduced themselves and joined the party.
